Now we saw an error while they were adding items to their shopping cart.
So if we look out here, if we go to details and hit the add to cart button, you can see it is taking
us to some dummy page, which is inside account.
Log in with a returned.
You are.
So what are destroying is it knows that the user is not logged in and the post-election method is only
for authorized user, so it is trying to redirect you to the logging page, but you are left.
Log in is incorrect because we have the identity area, so it should be identity and then that you are
out and you can see that works.
So how can we change the default logging euro?
We can do that by modifying the application cookies and that will be inside the program class file program
part.
Yes, we have multiple parts like log in, log out, access to mind and much more.
We can give them the custom route if, let's say, for example, you are not working with identity and
you want a custom page in some other location in that case on the builder dot service.
We have to configure application cookie and that you can provide the options and give the custom paint
like right here.
I'm just giving the existing pad to the identity.
Pages like log impact is inside identity.
We have account and then we have log in.
So I'm giving log in that log out pad and access denied.
These are the three default pads for the application.
If you do not override them, the default implementation for them right now is directly account and
access denied.
And that is why it was not working.
So with this change, let's run the application and try that one more time.
We have not got.
Let's go to details and hit add to cart.
It will ask us to log in and once we log in, it will take us back to the same page.
So with that, an application cookie is set perfectly with the lock in, lock out and access denied
content.